It is a mistake to try to look too far ahead. The chain of destiny can only be grasped one link at a time.
Make bold choices and make mistakes. It's all those things that add up to the person you become.
If you don't get out of the box you've been raised in, you won't understand how much bigger the world is.
I've been reckless, but I'm not a rebel without a cause.
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal.
Experience is the teacher of all things.
THE NOBEL PRIZE FOR PHYSICS IN 1900 WAS WON BY ROENTGEN.
Cowards die many times before their actual deaths.
Men willingly believe what they wish.
Learning never exhausts human mind.
I AM NOT STUPID! REALLY!
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.
Water is the driving force of all nature.
Art is never finished, only abandoned.
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.
The natural desire of good men is knowledge.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
Every action needs to be prompted by a motive.
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.
Mankind must put an end to war before war puts an end to mankind.
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.
The best road to progress is freedom's road.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
Poor is the pupil who does not surpass his master.
Nature never breaks her own laws.
Common Sense is that which judges the things given to it by other senses.
Our life is made by the death of others.
Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
Science is the captain, and practice the soldiers.
Just as courage is the danger of life, so is fear its safeguard.
The human mind is our fundamental resource.
India officially the Republic of India is a country in South Asia.
India is the seventh-largest country by area, the second-most populous country with over 1.2 billion people, and the most populous democracy in the world.
Pakistan officially the Islamic Republic of Pakistan is a sovereign country in South Asia.
India may win the ICC Cricket World Cup.
India will win the ICC Cricket World Cup if that is what you want to hear.
Sleep is the best meditation.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
Narendra Damodardas Modi is the 15th and current Prime Minister of India, in office since 26 May 2014.
Arvind Kejriwal is an Indian politician, social activist and former Indian Revenue Service officer who is the seventh and current Chief Minister of Delhi.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi also, known as Bapu, was the preeminent leader of Indian independence movement in British-ruled India.
Earth, also called the world is the third planet from the Sun, the densest planet in the Solar System, the largest of the Solar System's four terrestrial planets, and the only astronomical object known to accommodate life.
Independence Day, observed annually on 15, August, is a National Holiday in India commemorating the nation's independence from the British Empire on 15 August 1947.
The Solar System comprises the Sun and the objects that orbit it, either directly or indirectly.
The Sun is the Solar System's star and by far its most massive component.
A Markov chain ( discrete-time Markov chain or DTMC ), named after Andrey Markov, is a random process that undergoes transitions from one state to another on a state space.
Sachin Tendulkar is a former Indian cricketer and captain, widely acknowledged as one of the greatest cricketers of all time and by many as the greatest batsman of all time.
Sachin Tendulkar was born on 24 April 1973 in India.
Virat Kohli is the captain of the Indian Test Cricket team.
Virat Kohli is currently in relationship with Bollywood actress Anushka Sharma.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni was born on 7 July 1981.
Abraham Benjamin de Villiers is a South African cricketer, who captains the South African One Day International (ODI) team,having succeeded Graeme Smith after the 2011 Cricket World Cup.
Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of 11 players each on a field at the centre of which is a rectangular 22-yard long pitch.
Lionel Messi is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Spanish club FC Barcelona and the Argentina national team.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni is one of the greatest finisher in ODI Cricket.
If I make a fool of myself, who cares? I'm not frightened by anyone's perception of me.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni, commonly known as M. S. Dhoni) is an Indian cricketer and the current captain of the Indian national cricket team in limited-overs formats.